The Emerald Sword, an unique and ancient Sheragi warship. (#4786)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/sheragi/the emerald sword.txt

				`	"Sorry, but I'm not crossing that line."`
					decline
			label take
			`	"Splendid!"`
			`	The two of you put the cube in an inconspicuous backpack and carry it back to your ship. Albert gives you an address where you'll deliver the cube, mentions that you will be paid after transporting it, and wishes you good luck on your travel.`
				accept
	
	on complete
		payment 500000
		event "cube stolen" 20 30
		log `Took a mysterious Sheragi data cube that Albert Foster dug up on Zug to a trusted friend on Vinci. John will take some time to see how exactly it works, and tell you when it's done.`
		conversation
			`You arrive on Vinci and carry the cube to the address Foster gave you. You find that John has been waiting for you. "So, Foster is up to no good again, huh?" He laughs as he lets you into his lab.`
			choice
				`	"It doesn't seem likely that we'll get in trouble this time."`
				`	"I'm slightly concerned myself, but I'm sure he knows what he's doing."`
			`	You set the backpack with the cube down on a table and open it up.`
			`	"Well, he's paying me to help with this, so no problem with me. It's not like everyone gets to see the exotic things he finds first hand."`

> 			`	John proceeds to examine the cube, picking it up without much effort, and looking at it from different angles, trying to find some port to connect to. He finds one, but it's so deteriorated that any attempts to use it would be fruitless. He places the cube inside a machine to take a deeper scan of the object, and watches it silently working, staring patiently at the screen.`

Author: It was supposed to indicate that John is a strong individual. I'll rewrite this.

			`	Albert continues, "We think they wanted to flee from the fighting. These were soldiers scarred by the horrors of the war, and they just got ordered to attack what we assume to be refugees. The Emerald Sword was a big ship, likely with an equally large crew, and from the movement data, it's engines were very powerful too, possibly capable of crossing interstellar distances within a Sheragi lifetime. This has some interesting implications. The ship was moving precisely towards a star named Zubenelhakrabi. Not significant enough to show up in the star maps, but we did our survey, and there is a potentially habitable planet there, but zero signs of intelligent life. We think they failed in colonizing it, but the ship might still be there. It's a priceless artifact. Thing is, there is no way to get there."`
			`	"Unless you have a jump drive," Rakei adds. "And you do have one, don't you?"`
			choice
				`	"I used to, but not anymore"`
					goto notanymore

> 				`	"I do."`

Author: Whoops, I inverted the order of the stuff below. Will fix.

	trade Metal 390
	trade Plastic 390
	object
		sprite star/k0
		period 10
	object
		sprite planet/lava4
		distance 147
		period 32.3158
		offset 98.3841
	object "Echoes of Tragedy"
		sprite planet/earth
		distance 502.704
		period 204.365
		offset 314.841
	object
		sprite planet/gas8
		distance 1345.85
		period 895.229
		offset 153.957
		object
			sprite planet/luna
			distance 288.272
			period 26.0544
			offset 72.9809
		object
			sprite planet/ice8
			distance 373.272
			period 38.3898
			offset 185.14
	object
		sprite planet/rock17
		distance 2322.59
		period 2029.54
		offset 267.221
		object
			sprite planet/oberon
			distance 83
			period 41.6711
			offset 44.2239
	object
		sprite planet/gas6
		distance 3672.78
		period 4035.81
		offset 46.4282
		object
			sprite planet/lava0
			distance 281.814
			period 12.0839
			offset 337.102
		object
			sprite planet/dust5
			distance 464.272
			period 25.5519
			offset 284.511
		object
			sprite planet/ice7
			distance 568.272
			period 34.6019
			offset 45.9014
		object
			sprite planet/callisto
			distance 672.272
			period 44.5228
			offset 128.448

planet "Echoes of Tragedy"
	attributes uninhabited
	landscape land/fog4

> 	description `From afar, this looks like a habitable planet, comfortably located on the near end of the goldilocks zone of its star. It has high concentration of water vapor in it's atmosphere, and hosts primitive life, with mosses covering nearly all moist surfaces, and small crustacean-like animals roaming the land.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `From afar, this looks like a habitable planet, comfortably located on the near end of the goldilocks zone of its star. It has a high concentration of water vapor in its atmosphere, and hosts primitive life, with mosses covering nearly all moist surfaces, and small crustacean-like animals roaming the land.`
```

				`	"Sorry, but I'm not crossing that line."`
					decline
			label take
			`	"Splendid!"`
			`	The two of you put the cube in an inconspicuous backpack and carry it back to your ship. Albert gives you an address where you'll deliver the cube, mentions that you will be paid after transporting it, and wishes you good luck on your travel.`
				accept
	
	on complete
		payment 500000
		event "cube stolen" 20 30
		log `Took a mysterious Sheragi data cube that Albert Foster dug up on Zug to a trusted friend on Vinci. John will take some time to see how exactly it works, and tell you when it's done.`
		conversation
			`You arrive on Vinci and carry the cube to the address Foster gave you. You find that John has been waiting for you. "So, Foster is up to no good again, huh?" He laughs as he lets you into his lab.`
			choice
				`	"It doesn't seem likely that we'll get in trouble this time."`
				`	"I'm slightly concerned myself, but I'm sure he knows what he's doing."`
			`	You set the backpack with the cube down on a table and open it up.`
			`	"Well, he's paying me to help with this, so no problem with me. It's not like everyone gets to see the exotic things he finds first hand."`

> 			`	John proceeds to examine the cube, strong enough to pick it up with no problems, and looking at it from different angles, trying to find some port to connect to. He finds one, but it's so deteriorated that any attempts to use it would be fruitless. He places the cube inside a machine to take a deeper scan of the object, and watches it silently working, staring patiently at the screen.`

Author: I decided to rewrite this one in a different way.

			`	"You have it, now go away. We won't get in your way again," The woman who spoke before says, and the other mercenaries relax, going back to their tents.`
			`	With the cube in hand, you have no more reason to stay here. You go back to your ship, ready to take it back to John.`
				accept
	
	on decline
		payment 926621

mission "Sheragi Archaeology: The Box 6b"
	landing
	name "The Box Recovered"
	description "Bring the cube back to John on <destination>."
	source "Watcher"
	destination "Vinci"
	
	to offer
		has "Sheragi Archaeology: The Box 5: done"
	
	on complete
		conversation
			`Carrying the mysterious box again, you make your way to John's lab. He lets you in, and you tell him the whole ballad of the lost cube.`
			`	"So, retribution, huh? You think it was the officials from the Deep that got angry at us last time? Or maybe Foster's competitors for that dig site? I should have seen that coming."`
			`	"Possibly," you say. "I can't imagine any other reason."`

> 			`	"At least you got it back, but I don't know if it would be wise to continue to work on it here, and I can't just leave the planet for a couple months with no consequences. I don't even have a clue on how to read that data yet."`

Author: It would need rephrasing to replace the next "and" with "but", because they're two negative points.

			`	"And what, do you happen to have another shady contact who can help?" you ask.`
			`	"Unfortunately not. And now we seem to be running against time. If only the Quarg would be willing to work with us and give us the information we need to crack this box..."`
			`	As soon as you hear that phrase, it suddenly hits you. You've met the Hai up north, and you heard from the Unfettered that they've met the Sheragi many millenia ago. Perhaps the Hai could be able to help.`
			`	"I think I know what to do. You're not the only person with contacts in strange places."`
			`	You pick up your things, placing the cube back inside the backpack.`

> 			`	"Well, good luck with that, Captain. Don't get in too much trouble."`

Author: I gotta think of something, i have no ideas for now.

> 			`	"Well, good luck with that, Captain. Don't get in too much trouble."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"Well, I wish I could study it longer, but if you have a lead, it's worth pursuing. I trust you'll return the cube to either myself or Albert once you're done with it. Good luck, Captain. Don't get in too much trouble."`
```
Maybe this?

		has "Sheragi Archaeology: The Box 6c: done"
	
	on offer
		conversation
			`You ask around and manage to find a Hai tourist guide around the spaceport. You ask him if there's any place where you could find more information about the Sheragi.`
			`	"A human knows about them? I'm surprised. This is ancient history. If there's any place where you can find out more about them, it's the museum of galactic history in Mirrorlake."`
			`	You thank the guide and go back to make your preparations to visit it.`
				accept

mission "Sheragi Archaeology: The Box 7b"
	landing
	name "The Hai Ministry of Culture"
	description "Land on <destination> to speak with the ministry of culture."
	source "Mirrorlake"
	destination "Hai-home"
	clearance
	
	to offer
		has "Sheragi Archaeology: The Box 7a: done"
	
	on offer
		conversation
			`Arriving on Mirrorlake, you ask around a little bit, and eventually, someone directs you to the museum of galactic history; a major, but surprisingly not very popular tourist spot. Most Hai aren't very fond of looking at the past, and most humans have no idea this place exists. The museum staff is surprised to see a human face, but they let you wander regardless.`

> 			`	The place has a very unusual architecture resembling Earth's Ancient Greece, but with modern touches of metal, concrete, glass, and plastic. It is built as a very long corridor lined with exhibit rooms. The further in you go, the further back in history you go. The rooms themselves have a distinction between old and new artifacts. One of the rooms you enter has a mural depicting the first contact with the Alphas, pictures of warships, and texts detailing the battles that ensued. The grim artwork shifts to cheery and hopeful halfway through, the green-skinned humans replaced by ordinary ones, and surprisingly rich insights on human biology and culture.`

Author: I think i understand, and i like your idea of describing a single mural.

			`	While you are looking around the room, one of the curators approaches you while speaking your own language, albeit with a heavy accent.`
			`	"Sad, isn't it? I don't think they ever had a peaceful time in their spacefaring history."`
			choice
				`	"They lived fast, died young, and left good looking corpses."`
					goto approve
				`	"It's a pity they had to focus so much on conflict. They seemed very capable."`
			`	"Well, it's not like we can say much. At the time, we Hai were focusing a lot on conflict too. We even tried invading Sheragi lands. Perhaps if we were successful, they would have united against a common enemy and might have even survived their rebellious phase."`
				goto next
			label approve
			`	The curator laughs in the distinctive Hai way.`
			`	"That's one way to put it. I can't deny the scale of their engineering was a marvel even for the Hai of that time, and our civilization was already old. Some things scale well with size, and they had no choice but to build big. But it's still a shame. Imagine such capability being used for peace."`
			label next

> 			`	"Anyway, it's rare to see a human face here, and even more intriguing for it to be staring at Sheragi artifacts."`

Author: that one kinda makes it lose the casual tone

			`	After the brief introduction, they each take their equipment and load it on the cargo bay of your ship. Rakei approaches you after everything is in place.`
			`	"We want to meet the human archaeologist who uncovered the ruins in the Rim. Can you take us there? We will start examining the cube along the way. I think by the time we get there, we'll have something to work with."`
				accept
	
	on complete
		event "cube decoded" 40 50
		conversation
			`It was a long trip, almost halfway across the galaxy. The Hai archaeologists have been friendly to you, giving you updates every time they make a new breakthrough. During this time, the cube, previously thought to be impenetrable, had been disassembled and cleaned. Components that decayed into a mess of oxidized wires and goopy paste over the eons have been identified and removed to substitute for equivalent ones, and a blueprint of the box and its circuits has started to take shape.`

> 			`	As soon as you land, you call Albert Foster, who doesn't believe you when you say you got alien archaeologists to help. You then look for the three Hai to figure out how they're going to go unnoticed on a human world. You're surprised to find Eyama wearing long, dark but colorful baggy human clothing with an equally oversized hoodie and a bandanna. You recognize this outfit, very popular with the youth these days, who are generally regarded as delinquents by the previous generation. Additionally, she's carrying two more sets, for her Hai partners as well. It hides her body really well at the cost of making her look like a young boy, and the Hai's relatively short stature doesn't help.`

Reviewer 3: `you've gotten` instead of `you got` might sound better.
Also, I'd recommend removing `baggy` from the hair description. Three (arguably four, considering `colorful`) adjectives at once is a little overkill.
`You recognize this outfit, very popular with the youth these days, who are generally regarded as delinquents by the previous generation.`
This seems somehwat unrelated to the rest of the paragraph. You may want to consider either omitting or shortening this sentence.
`It hides her body really well at the cost of making her look like a young boy, and the Hai's relatively short stature doesn't help.`
I'd rephrase this to something closer to: `Although it hides her body well, she looks like a young boy. The Hai's relatively short stature doesn't help.`

Author: The outfit description is relevant for the player's response later on, as context for where the idea came to be.

> 			`	"Call me Miss Deus ex Machina, because I thought ahead and bought these from a merchant back home. Perfect disguise. The humans will never notice. How do I look?"`

Reviewer 3: `Call me Miss Deus ex Machina, because I thought ahead and bought these from a merchant back home.`
I'd remove the comma and make these two separate sentences.

			choice
				`	"That's... clever. It hides you well."`
				`	"Well, it works, but you look like a child."`
					goto child
			`	"Right? I can even hide my tail in the back of the hoodie!" She spins around happily.`
				goto anyway
			label child
			`	"That's not that bad, is it? I always considered myself young at heart anyway!" she giggles a little.`
			label anyway
			`	"Anyway, can you take us to Mr. Foster's museum? We'll take the cube and fill him in on the details."`

> 			`	You agree, and after they're all ready, you make your way out to the dig site. Surprisingly, the three Hai don't get many weird looks if they walk a bit further behind you. You arrive at the museum and they immediately break character by being very obviously excited to see the exhibits. This probably comes as a relief to onlookers, however, who would normally expect that type of kid to vandalize priceless artifacts.`

Reviewer 3: I'd suggest removing `by being very` and replace it with just a comma.
`who would normally expect that type of kid to vandalize priceless artifacts`
The wording's a little strange here, especially `that type of kid`. I can't think of anything better at the moment, however. I would at least consider a change.

Author: I'll need a second opinion on this, i also don't know how to improve it.

Reviewer 4: Leaving `by being very` seems fine to me. Perhaps change `that type of kid` to just ` kids`? This part too sounds fine to me as is, though.

> 			`	Finally, you arrive at Albert's workshop. He stops brushing what looks like what was once a television and looks startled at you and the three "kids." The Hai take off their hoods and bandannas, causing his jaw to nearly drop to the floor.`

Reviewer 3: **ERROR**
`what looks like what was once a television` can be simplified to `what seems like an ancient television` or something similar to keep that double `what` out.

			`	"I'll be damned. The Hai really exist!" He exclaims.`
			`	"Of course we do," Eyama laughs. "Haven't you heard all the stories?"`

> 			`	"I had my doubts. Merchants are well known for telling tall tales." He smiles. "Anyway, I'm Albert Foster, archaeologist, pleased to meet you all."`

Reviewer 3: `I'm Albert Foster, archaeologist, pleased to meet you all.`
I'd recommend changing to: `I'm Albert Foster, an archaeologist. Pleased to meet you all.`
The `anyway` here is unnecessary: the pause in which he smiles is a sufficient transition.

> 			`	They introduce themselves, and very soon the conversation evolves to a kind of jargon even Albert has trouble following. They talk about the box and their findings, while Albert talks about the history uncovered in the dig site and insights on the Sheragi daily life and culture. You close the door to make sure nobody else is startled.`

Reviewer 3: Maybe elaborate `startled` to `startled by the Hai`?

			`	"We've managed to open the box and we're making a blueprint of it," says Desyo. "Once that's done, we might be able to rebuild the broken pieces and recover the data. We already have documentation on how their hardware worked."`
			`	"The catch is that this is a collaboration now. We'll help you, if you share your findings with us," Rakei continues.`
			`	"Sounds like a win-win to me," Albert says. "We'll arrange the details later. <first>, thank you so much for your help. We'll continue studying this artifact, and we'll send you a message when we're done."`

> 			`	You say goodbye to Albert, Rakei, Eyama, and Desyo, and make your way back to your ship. However, as you're walking back to the ship, you feel a hand on your shoulder. You look back, and you're startled to see a Quarg. Yarthis, who you brought here, to be more specific.`

Reviewer 3: `Yarthis, who you brought here, to be more specific.`
This is a fragment. Also, `to be more specific` is unnecessary. Just `who you brought here` might not be enought to jog the memory of some players. I'd recommend: `It's Yarthis, who you brought here to help Albert Foster study the Sheragi during the early days of the project.`

	destination "Zug"
	
	to offer
		has "event: cube decoded"
	
	on offer
		dialog
			`You're still in the middle of the post-flight check when you receive a new message from Albert Foster.`
			`	"Hello <first>. I have some good news! We have decoded what's in the black box. You should come visit us on Zug; we have plenty to tell you!"`

mission "Sheragi Archaeology: The Emerald Sword 2"
	landing
	name "The Emerald Sword"
	description "Bring an additional Jump Drive to Zug."
	source "Zug"
	to offer
		has "Sheragi Archaeology: The Emerald Sword 1: done"
	
	on offer
		conversation
			`You arrive on Zug, and after contacting Albert and the three Hai archaeologists and following their direction, you find them in an ice cream shop. They're still wearing the youngster clothes, but not even bothering to hide their faces with bandannas anymore. Surprisingly, nobody seems too distressed at the sight. Rakei waves for you and stands up, coming to you with ice creams in paw.`
			`	"Hello <first>! It seems our disguise worked better than intended. The humans around here think we're wearing a costume. Apparently young humans like to dress up as aliens?" she says confusedly.`

> 			`	"I had a feeling we'd fit right in with the furry crowd." Eyama responds proudly.`

Reviewer 3: Ha! Strange, but makes sense. I like it.

			`	"It has been an interesting cultural exchange. Human space might be a great vacation spot for us. But we're not on vacation yet. We have a mystery to solve," she continues.`
			`	You sit down with your group on a bench in a nearby park, mostly empty, and Desyo picks up the conversation.`

> 			`	"So, the files in the black box were thankfully standard for Sheragi. Not very difficult to decode, once we managed to read them."`

Reviewer 3: Should `decode` and `read` be switched here?

Author: It's this way around because "read" is in the computational sense. read the data first, get the ones and the zeroes, then decode it with whatever standard method the Sheragi used.

			choice
				`	"What did it contain?"`

> 			`	Desyo responds, "It was all fleet movement data and military strategy details. This system was apparently on the border of one of the faction's territories. On the final moments of the recording, a large transport fleet had entered the system, unarmed ships. They were followed by military vessels in pursuit. There's no telling what they thought at the time, but a military fleet was immediately dispatched to eliminate both fleets. One particular ship, which Eyama has translated the name as 'Emerald Sword,' started behaving erratically when given orders. It fired and missed a few shots until it eventually stopped and fled. Clear signs of a mutiny. However, what is perhaps most interesting is that when it fled, it fled in an unexpected direction, away from any hyperlanes."`

Reviewer 3: **ERROR**
`which Eyama has translated the name as 'Emerald Sword,'`
This should change to `whose name Eyama has translated to 'Emerald Sword',`

			`	Albert continues, "We think they wanted to flee from the fighting. These were soldiers scarred by the horrors of the war, and they just got ordered to attack what we assume to be refugees. The Emerald Sword was a big ship, likely with an equally large crew, and from the movement data, it's engines were very powerful too, possibly capable of crossing interstellar distances within a Sheragi lifetime. This has some interesting implications. The ship was moving precisely towards a star named Zubenelhakrabi. Not significant enough to show up in the star maps, but we did our survey, and there is a potentially habitable planet there, but zero signs of intelligent life. We think they failed in colonizing it, but the ship might still be there. It's a priceless artifact. Thing is, there is no way to get there."`
			`	"Unless you have a jump drive," Rakei adds. "And you do have one, don't you?"`
			choice

> 				`	"I used to, but not anymore"`

Reviewer 3: **ERROR**
Period here.

					goto notanymore
				`	"I do."`

> 			`	"This is perfect! Do you think you can get another one? If we're going there, we're going to need one to install on the Emerald Sword and bring it back home."`

Reviewer 3: `to` might make more sense than `and` here.

Author: I chose "and" on that one so i don't have to use "to" three times almost back to back

				accept
	
	to complete
		never

mission "Sheragi Archaeology: The Emerald Sword 3"
	landing
	name "The Emerald Sword"
	description "Capture the Emerald Sword."
	source "Zug"
	destination "Echoes of Tragedy"
	cargo "Outfitting Equipment" 50
	passengers 20
	blocked `You arrive to make the preparations to capture the Emerald Sword, but Albert stops you. "Captain, we're going to need 50 tons of cargo to take our materials and the jump drive, and 20 additional crew to help, including us. I'd also advise that you save enough bunks to hire some additional crew. The Emerald Sword is an alien ship, so we have no idea how many people we will need to man it. I would recommend erring on the side of caution by bringing along 100 or so extra crew members."`
	
	to offer
		has "Sheragi Archaeology: The Emerald Sword 2: active"
	
	on offer
		require "Jump Drive" 2
		conversation
			`You have a jump drive in your possession. Would you like to give it to Albert's crew?`
			choice
				`    (Yes.)`
				`    (No.)`
					defer

> 			`	You give Albert a call, and arrange to meet with him to plan the next step. He shows up at your ship, greets you, and starts loading in some equipment along with the jump drive you brought. He has assembled a crew of around 20 people, including him and the three Hai archaeologists, now comfortable to let go of their disguise once they're back in your ship.`

Reviewer 3: `now comfortable to let go of their disguise once`
This wording's a little strange. Maybe `now without a disguise since`?

			`	You thank Albert, and make your preparations for the voyage into the unknown.`
				accept
	
	on accept
		fail "Sheragi Archaeology: The Emerald Sword 2"
		outfit "Jump Drive" -1
		event "zubenelhakrabi discovered"
	
	on enter "Zubenelhakrabi"
		conversation
			`The trip to Zubenelhakrabi is completely normal and calm. Given everyone's trepidating expectations though, the trip's uneventfulness only manages to keep everyone on edge. When you arrive, a simple scan reveals the system's star is unremarkable, nearing the end of its main sequence phase. Among the planets orbiting it, one is in the habitable zone and shows clear signs of life, covered in dark green spots under the clouds.`
			scene "scene/emeraldswordderelict"

> 			`	You also find the Emerald Sword, but strangely, it is not on the planet, but drifting through space. An enormous ship of angular design, its most striking feature is an incredibly large cannon going through the center of the ship. It is so large it might as well be said the ship was built around it; you can only wonder about its power. Thankfully, you won't have to find out the hard way; the ship is inert, derelict, ruined from lack of maintenance and abandoned to the mercy of micrometeorite showers and decay. It looks like it could fall apart if looked at the wrong way... luckily, you have just the right crew for the job.`

Reviewer 3: `it might as well be said the ship was built around it`
Rewording to `the ship might as well have been built around it` might sound better?
Also, need a comma after `maintenance`.

			`	"Here is where the Sheragi came to an end. The tools that drove them to extinction are long gone. We witnessed as they cast those tools into the heart of this star."`
			choice
				`	"You mean this ship? Its weapons systems seem to be intact."`
					goto cannon
				`	"What tools?"`
			`	"Ones capable of crippling an entire world's worth of life."`
				goto next
			label cannon
			`	"That ship is just a relic. The weapon that perished the Sheragi was indiscriminate. An irrational decision they made themselves."`
			label next
			`	As that is said, you're overcome by glimpses of memories that are not yours, not clear enough for you to identify what exactly is happening, but you can feel the sadness in them.`
			`	The voice continues: "I know what you seek here. The trinket you covet is of little relevance, even for your own, human standards. But if you wish to possess it, then take it. Perhaps the sight of that vessel will remind the living races of those who have come and gone... and how, despite their great accomplishments, their decision to make war reduced them to graveyards, relics, and memories."`

> 			`	The voice, and the overwhelming emotions that came alongside it, disappear as mysteriously as they came. Desyo, who witnessed you speaking into thin air, asks whether you feel okay. It seems like no one else heard it.`

Reviewer 3: **ERROR**
Just about this entire conversation in general: Are you supposed to be speaking to a Drak? If so, why is this one not visible? I could just be missing something in the coding, but I remember the other time you interact with Drak, there is one in the system, and I don't think there's one here. If not, then you're good. Just checking.

Author: Drak have the ability to cloak themselves indefinitely, as seen in Nenia and Ildaria, so it isn't entirely wrong. I decided to omit this one, so that only the player can communicate with it.

	
	on complete
		conversation
			`As you enter the atmosphere of the alien world, you begin running some scans of the air quality to determine if it is safe to breathe. You quickly learn why it is that the Sheragi perished in space; the atmosphere has a high concentration of chlorine gas, fatal to all living creatures aside from those that seem to have miraculously evolved here. It takes some time to find a suitable landing spot - high enough to escape the highest concentrations of chlorine gas in the atmosphere, but flat enough to land on. You eventually park your ships over a mesa. The environmental suits brought along "just in case" turn out to be very useful here. The atmosphere would be otherwise unbreathable for long periods of time.`

> 			`	Over the course of the next day, the workers unload some outfitting and repairing equipment, while scientists slowly work out the functions of the ship, and brief you and your crew on how to operate it. One of the workers invite you to visit the temporary outfitter and oversee the proper installation of the Outfits Expansion and the Jump Drive in the Emerald Sword.`

Reviewer 3: Just something to keep in mind: if any progress is made on a system that would allow players to change outfits on planets without outfitters present, this story would need to be changed accordingly. Fortunately, that shouldn't be too large of a fix.

Author: A future update will allow me to "give ships" to the player based on quests, and will remove the need for an outfitter entirely, so i'm expecting this to change one way or the other. What i did was a workaround.

			`[You need to remove the Damaged Sheragi Systems to repair it.]`

mission "Sheragi Archaeology: Emerald Sword Epilogue"
	landing
	name "The Emerald Sword"
	description "Return to Zug."
	source "Echoes of Tragedy"
	destination "Zug"
	passengers 20
	cargo "Outfitting Equipment" 25
	
	to offer
		has "Sheragi Archaeology: The Emerald Sword 3: done"
	
	on complete

> 		log `Obtained an ancient Sheragi warship. Nicknamed the Emerald Sword, it was crewed by mutineers that fled from their civil war and escaped into interstellar space. Found orbiting a disconnected star, it is an impressively large ship, fit for the equally large Sheragi. The ship's main weapon is a fusion-pumped gamma-ray laser called the 'Dragonflame Cannon.' Despite the relatively primitive outfits, it's still a very capable war machine due to its size.`

Reviewer 3: **ERROR**
`Named` instead of `nicknamed`, since this was the ship's original name.

		event "temporary outfitter removed"
		conversation
			`Your exotic new ship draws a lot of attention from the dockworkers, probably even more so due to the unprecedentedly large cannon. Albert and the Hai archaeologists spend most of the day examining your ship in more detail and recovering the corpses now that it's in a proper spaceport and they can access more complex equipment. Everything is completed in one particularly busy afternoon, and as night falls, the immense scale of the inside of the ship allows more floors to be installed, giving you even more living space.`
			`	You go back to the same park as before with Albert and the three Hai in partial disguise, ice creams in hand and paws to commemorate the new acquisition.`
			`	"That is one impressive ship," you mention.`
			`	"True," Desyo says. "I've never seen a cannon that big before."`
			choice

> 				`	"That's what she said."`

Reviewer 3: Couldn't resist, could you? Love it.

			`	"God, don't explain it," Albert interrupts. "That was terrible. She's right though, that isn't something you see every day. Do you have any idea how it works?"`
			label works
			`	Rakei, who is more knowledgeable in this area, responds. "It's a fusion-pumped gamma-ray laser, or GRASER for short. The device is simple in concept, but the cost involved and the proportion of everything makes it impractical to develop, not to mention the way it works would probably be considered a war crime in many civilizations, thus making R&D not worth it. It's essentially using a nuclear flash to power a laser beam that penetrates and melts everything. Fascinating, but I'm hoping you'll only use it for peaceful purposes."`
			`	Eyama adds, "I've been calling it the Dragonflame cannon. I think it's appropriate, even though it's technically not a flame in the chemical sense. The dragons of human legends could breathe fire, and although it's unlikely the Sheragi could actually do that, this cannon more than makes up for it."`
			choice
				`	"Do you think I could get in trouble by using it?"`
					goto trouble
				`	"It's not going to blow up my own ship, is it?"`

> 			`	Rakei laughs. "Don't worry, the Sheragi did their homework. The simple materials they used means the gun can be maintained and repaired, so it continues to be structurally strong. Many of the components are active anyway, and they basically only exist for the short amount of time that the GRASER takes to fire."`

Reviewer 3: Maybe replace `gun` with `weapon`? Gun seems a bit of an understatement for something this massive.

				goto catch
			label trouble

> 			`	"I don't think you will, as long as you don't fire it into a planet. It doesn't cause unnecessary suffering like nerve gas, and it isn't as indiscriminate as a nuclear bomb. This is a focused beam. It's going to poke holes straight through any ship subject to it's wrath."`

Reviewer 3: **ERROR**
`any ship subject to it's wrath`
`its`, not `it's` here.

			label catch

> 			`	"Then what is the catch?" you ask.`

Reviewer 3: `what's` sounds much more natural than `what is`. Super minor, though.

			`	"It eats a lot of power. I mean a lot. And it does that every shot. No single reactor will be capable of making it shoot as fast as it possibly could. Expect to invest a lot in batteries and reactors if you want to reoutfit that warship and still use the cannon.`

> 			`	Desyo adds. "Also, don't go thinking you're invincible now. The shield matrix in that ship is incredibly primitive. Almost nonexistent. The hull is strong, but don't rely on it too much. Human technology could probably do better if they tried."`

Reviewer 3: _Low key roasting human tech. Good stuff_

Author: lmao i swear this was unintentional, but i like it that way too.

			`	"So what are you going to do now?" you ask them.`
			`	Eyama responds. "We'll continue working with Albert. These two nerds like technology and ships, but I'm far more interested in the treasure trove of cultural artifacts the buried city holds. Not to mention the humans here are very interesting!"`

> 			`	You all finish your ice creams and continue chatting for a while longer before you say goodbye and return to your ship. By tomorrow, it will be in full working condition, ready to take to the endless void.`

Reviewer 3: `ice creams` or `ice cream`? I genuinely don't know.

Author: it's probably fine

	trade Metal 390
	trade Plastic 390
	object
		sprite star/k0
		period 10
	object
		sprite planet/lava4
		distance 147
		period 32.3158
		offset 98.3841
	object "Echoes of Tragedy"
		sprite planet/earth
		distance 502.704
		period 204.365
		offset 314.841
	object
		sprite planet/gas8
		distance 1345.85
		period 895.229
		offset 153.957
		object
			sprite planet/luna
			distance 288.272
			period 26.0544
			offset 72.9809
		object
			sprite planet/ice8
			distance 373.272
			period 38.3898
			offset 185.14
	object
		sprite planet/rock17
		distance 2322.59
		period 2029.54
		offset 267.221
		object
			sprite planet/oberon
			distance 83
			period 41.6711
			offset 44.2239
	object
		sprite planet/gas6
		distance 3672.78
		period 4035.81
		offset 46.4282
		object
			sprite planet/lava0
			distance 281.814
			period 12.0839
			offset 337.102
		object
			sprite planet/dust5
			distance 464.272
			period 25.5519
			offset 284.511
		object
			sprite planet/ice7
			distance 568.272
			period 34.6019
			offset 45.9014
		object
			sprite planet/callisto
			distance 672.272
			period 44.5228
			offset 128.448

planet "Echoes of Tragedy"
	attributes uninhabited
	landscape land/fog4

> 	description `From afar, this looks like a habitable planet, comfortably located on the near end of the goldilocks zone of its star. It has a high concentration of water vapor in its atmosphere, and hosts primitive life, with mosses covering nearly all moist surfaces, and exotic crustacean-like animals roaming the land, their carapaces made of what would be considered synthetic plastic elsewhere.`

Reviewer 3: **ERROR**
`its atmosphere, and hosts`; `all moist surfaces, and exotic crustacean-like`
Commas are unnecessary in both these spots.
`their carapaces made of what would be considered synthetic plastic elsewhere.`
Incomplete sentence. Add an `are` directly after `carapaces` for a simple fix.

Author: i believe that last sentence is actually correct, in the context it's in.
i'll need a second opinion.

Reviewer 4: The sentence sounds fine to me as is, and the addition of `are` would only go to turn it into a run-on sentence.

Reviewer 2: Yeah after a second look I think it's probably right as-is. Must have gotten my grammar mixed up just cause of how long it is
